welcome to the episode of travel tip
Tuesday
this is kerwin with cruisinaltitude.com
and today I'm in Belgrade Serbia Serbia
take a quick look around behind me is
the door exhibition and I'm actually at
one of the attractions of the city which
is located at the end of the city
essentially one of the forts but today's
travel tip that's the Danube over there
but today's travel tip is about how to
get from the airport to the city when
you get to the server International
Airport to the Belgrade International
Airport you actually have two options
you can be either do take the a1 which
is about 250
I forgot the name of the currency you
can take the a1 which is a 250 dinars
all you can take the number 72 and the
number 72 is about it's about 65 or 72
dinars and either bus will take you into
the center of the city actually a1 takes
you closer to the train and the bus
station and the 72 will take a little
further into the center of the city
they're both quite efficient they expel
about half an hour to get into the city
and that's it it's quite beautiful as
you can see so this is kerwin with
cruisinaltitude.com have a great trip